16 hours Pakistan made 168 South Africa
going really well here 74 for one Gibbs
on 44 got you're on strike or there's a
bouncer and there's a big appeal for
caught behind and he's given him out
given him out - that's a beautiful
delivery
very fast ball batter going for the
hookshot there was obviously a little
deflection there Pepsi was the glove see
if the replay tells the story would be
interesting to see exactly what height
the ball went through like my purchase
but interested to see what height that
ball went through
it's interesting why nice I suppose the
question one would ask is when he hit it
was it shoulder height and if it had
continued its path but just looking
there it probably would have been above
the shoulder height so really a little
bit unlucky I think is probably the way
to describe that dismissal 14 of 26
balls South Africa now 74 for two
bacon stein really just inside that one
a little bit it looked as if it came
back from outside of stuff that's mr.
bacon Stein well he wouldn't enjoy that
one too much I'm sure I would like to
see their son get bowled out however it
happens to all dads from time to time no
doubt the Pakistanis are loving this
that was a good delivery came back from
just outside of some and just Nick the
stuffs
have a look-see then a little bit of
movement back there just beat the
outside edge it was on the crease a
little bit perhaps would have been a
little bit more positive with that
defensive shot good bowling though
shower back gets another wicked South
Africa 74 for free 74 for three hosted
chronic came bouncing into the
commentary box had a big smile on his
face he's just got a bit quiet alongside
me here right now buzz please not on
strike
well ball right up there in the block
I'll again Klusener on the back of a bit
of a bad run need some runs maybe he saw
the 144 a little bit better than the 122
from Venkatesh Prasad the other day I
think it looks to me as if it's right in
the in the middle of the splice Shoaib
now being stretched out a little bit I
don't think he's got a problem
was there a crack down the center there
looks here right in the right by the
splice of the bat just where the Nancy
Kearney was right it's nothing wrong
with a bat it's just with a handle in
fact a spliced into the bat I think
that's off often happens with quick
bowlers like show your back toe they do
get the handle away from the bat and I
think that was just the pace of the
delivery early on maybe eating the bat
quite low
early on explain this to us well I think
that shire Bobby Steve with the amount
of base that he generates puts play a
lot of strain on his lower back nothing
that's just what he was trying to keep
warm whilst the change of bat trying to
keep the back loose so he makes sure the
next deliveries spot on again right so
Long's closed up on strike he's got a
few problems with these groin as meteor
shower right clues does on strike two
stops in position tearing away again
so the spot on target
curiously fast he's brought this place
alive
not easy you let these Pakistanis get a
few wickets boy they love it
once again the length here is very very
good I mean that's the same length that
got delving constanly on
good reaction there and look at that
over three wickets in the I've AB lost
lose there after that for a duck
seventy four for four